[ROCm][CI] Enable ROCm CI for ROCm wheel builds (#3132)
meta-pytorch/torchcomms: comms/torchcomms/rcclx/CMakeLists.txt

file(GLOB TORCHCOMMS_RCCLX_SOURCES "comms/torchcomms/rcclx/*.cpp")

set(CONDA_INCLUDE "${CONDA_PREFIX}/include")
# ROCM_HOME is passed via -D from setup.py;
# fall back to env then default for direct cmake invocations.
if(NOT ROCM_HOME)
    set(ROCM_HOME $ENV{ROCM_HOME})
    if(NOT ROCM_HOME)
        set(ROCM_HOME "/opt/rocm")

>     endif()

Reviewer: Similar comments as for rcc/CMakeLists.txt

file(GLOB TORCHCOMMS_RCCLX_SOURCES "comms/torchcomms/rcclx/*.cpp")

set(CONDA_INCLUDE "${CONDA_PREFIX}/include")
# ROCM_PATH is set by LoadHIP.cmake, included via find_package(Torch).
# User can override via ROCM_HOME environment variable.
if(ROCM_PATH)
    set(ROCM_HOME ${ROCM_PATH})
elseif(DEFINED ENV{ROCM_HOME})
    set(ROCM_HOME $ENV{ROCM_HOME})

> else()

Reviewer: Similar comment like https://github.com/meta-pytorch/torchcomms/pull/3132/changes#r3669985109

>     message(FATAL_ERROR "ROCM_PATH is not set. Ensure PyTorch is installed and find_package(Torch) is called before this point.")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    message(FATAL_ERROR "ROCM_HOME/ROCM_PATH env var is not set, and ROCm installation path could not be auto-detected. Ensure PyTorch is installed in your environment.")
```

Since this is a user-facing message, it'd be best to only refer to corrective steps they can take on their end, such as defining the env vars, or installing PyTorch (and the `find_package(torch)` should already be done by https://github.com/meta-pytorch/torchcomms/blob/66da3fa70d4963b001af7212b452e02f0ae0b9ca/CMakeLists.txt#L144)
